**SENIOR SUBORDINATED CONVERTIBLE NOTE**

**NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 1933 ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD OR TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (A) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE 1933 ACT, OR (B) PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 1933 ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE, INCLUDING SECTIONS 3(c)(iii) AND ****19(a)**** HEREOF. THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION ****3(c)(iii)**** OF THIS NOTE.**

**The Allied Defense Group, Inc.**

**Senior Subordinated Convertible Note**







Issuance Date: March 9, 2006



Original Principal Amount: U.S. $_     _

**FOR VALUE RECEIVED, **The Allied Defense Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the **Company**), hereby promises to pay to the order of _     _or registered assigns (**Holder**) the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to redemption, conversion or otherwise, the **Principal**) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below), acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay interest (**Interest**) on any outstanding Principal at a rate per annum equal to the Interest Rate (as defined below), from the date set out above as the Issuance Date (the "**Issuance Date**) until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon an Interest Date (as defined below), the Maturity Date, acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). This Senior Subordinated Convertible Note (including all Senior Subordinated Convertible Notes issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, this **Note**) is one of an issue of Senior Subordinated Convertible Notes (collectively, the **Notes** and such other Senior Subordinated Convertible Notes, the **Other Notes**) issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined below). Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 30\. 

(1) _MATURITY_. On the Maturity Date, the Holder shall surrender this Note to
the Company and the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash
representing all outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest and
accrued and unpaid Late Charges, if any. The **Maturity Date** shall be
March 9, 2011, as may be extended at the option of the Holder (i) in the event
that, and for so long as, an Event of Default (as defined in Section 4(a))
shall have occurred and be continuing or any event shall have occurred and be
continuing which with the passage of time and the failure to cure would result
in an Event of Default and (ii) through the date that is ten days after the
consummation of a Change of Control in the event that a Change of Control is
publicly announced or a Change of Control Notice (as defined in Section 5) is
delivered prior to the Maturity Date.

(2) _INTEREST_. Interest on this Note shall commence accruing on the Issuance
Date and shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and actual days
elapsed and shall be payable in arrears on the last day of each Calendar
Quarter during the period beginning on the Issuance Date and ending on, and
including, the Maturity Date (each, an **Interest Date**) with the first
Interest Date being March 31, 2006. Interest shall be payable on each Interest
Date, to the record holder of this Note on the applicable Interest Date. Prior
to the payment of Interest on an Interest Date, Interest on this Note shall
accrue at the Interest Rate and be payable in cash upon any conversion in
accordance with Section 3(c)(i). Upon the occurrence and during the
continuance of an Event of Default, the Interest Rate shall be increased to
twelve and one-half percent (12.5%). In the event that such Event of Default
is subsequently cured, the adjustment referred to in the preceding sentence
shall cease to be effective as of the date of such cure; provided that the
Interest as calculated at such increased rate during the continuance of such
Event of Default shall continue to apply to the extent relating to the days
after the occurrence of such Event of Default through and including the date
of cure of such Event of Default.

(3) _CONVERSION OF NOTES_. This Note shall be convertible into shares of
common stock of the Company, $0.10 par value per share (the **Common
Stock**), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 3\.

(a) _Conversion Right_. Subject to the provisions of Section 3(d), at any time
or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be entitled to
convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount (as
defined below) into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock in
accordance with Section 3(c), at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). The
Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any
conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a
share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of
Common Stock up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all
taxes that may be payable with respect to the initial issuance and delivery of
Common Stock upon conversion of any Conversion Amount.

(b) _Conversion Rate_. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to Section 3(a) shall be
determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price
(the **Conversion Rate**).

(i) **Conversion Amount** means the portion of the Principal to be
converted, redeemed or otherwise with respect to which this determination is
being made.

(ii) **Conversion Price** means, as of any Conversion Date (as defined
below) or other date of determination, $26.4551, subject to adjustment as
provided herein.

(c) _Mechanics of Conversion_.

(i) _Optional Conversion_. To convert any Conversion Amount into shares of
Common Stock on any date (a **Conversion Date**), the Holder shall (A)
transmit by facsimile (or otherwise deliver), for receipt on or prior to 11:59
p.m., New York Time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion
in the form attached hereto as _Exhibit I_ (the **Conversion Notice**) to
the Company and (B) if required by Section 3(c)(iv), surrender this Note to a
nationally recognized overnight delivery service for delivery to the Company
(or an indemnification undertaking with respect to this Note in the case of
its loss, theft or destruction). On or before the second (2nd) Trading Day
following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice, the Company shall
transmit by facsimile a confirmation of receipt of such Conversion Notice to
the Holder and the Companys transfer agent (the **Transfer Agent**). On or
before the third (3rd ) Trading Day following the date of receipt of a
Conversion Notice (the **Share Delivery Date**), the Company shall (1) (X)
provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in the Fast Automated
Securities Transfer Program of the Depository Trust Company (**DTC**) credit
such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be
entitled to the Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through
its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system or (Y) if the Transfer Agent is
not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue
and deliver to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a
certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the
number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled, (2)
pay to the Holder in cash an amount equal to the accrued and unpaid Interest
on the Conversion Amount up to and including the Conversion Date and (3) for
any conversions prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of the Issuance Date, pay
any applicable Make-Whole Amount in accordance with Section 3(c)(ii). If this
Note is physically surrendered for conversion as required by Section 3(c)(iv)
and the outstanding Principal of this Note is greater than the Principal
portion of the Conversion Amount being converted, then the Company shall as
soon as practicable and in no event later than three Business Days after
receipt of this Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the holder a
new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)) representing the outstanding
Principal not converted. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the  shares
of Common Stock issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated for
all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on
the Conversion Date.

(ii) _Make-Whole Amount_. If prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of the
Issuance Date, the Holder converts all or any portion of this Note pursuant to
Section 3(c)(i) or the Company redeems all or any portion of this Note
pursuant to Section 9, then upon such conversion or redemption, the Holder
shall receive the Make-Whole Amount; provided, however, that in the event that
the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock exceeds 140% of the initial
Conversion Price (as adjusted for any stock split, combination,
reclassification or similar transaction) for each of twenty (20) Trading Days
out of the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Day period ended on the Trading Day
immediately prior to the Conversion Date, then the Holder shall not be
entitled to receive the Make-Whole Amount. The Company shall pay any Make-
Whole Amount in cash.

(iii) _Companys Failure to Timely Convert_. If the Company shall fail to
issue a certificate to the Holder or credit the Holders balance account with
DTC, as applicable, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled upon conversion of any Conversion Amount on or prior to the
date which is five (5) Trading Days after the Conversion Date (a **Conversion
Failure**), then (A) the Company shall pay damages to the Holder for each
Trading Day of such Conversion Failure in an amount equal to 1.0% of the
product of (I) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock not issued to
the Holder on or prior to the Share Delivery Date and to which the Holder is
entitled, and (II) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Share
Delivery Date and (B) the Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void
its Conversion Notice with respect to, and retain or have returned, as the
case may be, any portion of this Note that has not been converted pursuant to
such Conversion Notice; _provided_ that the voiding of a Conversion Notice
shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments which have
accrued prior to the date of such notice pursuant to this Section 3(c)(iii) or
otherwise. In addition to the foregoing, if within three (3) Trading Days
after the Companys receipt of the facsimile copy of a Conversion Notice the
Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder or credit
the Holders balance account with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which the Holder is entitled upon such holders conversion of any
Conversion Amount, and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Stock to deliver in
satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company (a **Buy-
In"**), then the Company shall, within three (3) Trading Days after the
Holders request and in the Holders discretion, either (i) pay cash to the
Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares
of Common Stock so purchased (the **Buy-In Price"**), at which point the
Companys obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Common
Stock) shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to
the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Common Stock and
pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In
Price over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B)
the Closing Bid Price on the Conversion Date.

(iv) _Book-Entry_. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein,
upon conversion of any portion of this Note in accordance with the terms
hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to
the Company unless (A) the full Conversion Amount represented by this Note is
being converted or (B) the Holder has provided the Company with prior written
notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting
reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender. The Holder and the Company
shall maintain records showing the Principal converted and the dates of such
conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the
Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note
upon conversion.

(v) _Pro Rata Conversion; Disputes_. In the event that the Company receives a
Conversion Notice from more than one holder of Notes for the same Conversion
Date and the Company can convert some, but not all, of such portions of the
Notes submitted for conversion, the Company, subject to Section 3(d), shall
convert from each holder of Notes electing to have Notes converted on such
date a pro rata amount of such holders portion of its Notes submitted for
conversion based on the principal amount of Notes submitted for conversion on
such date by such holder relative to the aggregate principal amount of all
Notes submitted for conversion on such date. In the event of a dispute as to
the number of  shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder in connection
with a conversion of this Note, the Company shall issue to the Holder the
number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute and resolve such dispute in
accordance with Section 24\.

(d) _Limitations on Conversions_.

(i) _Beneficial Ownership_. The Company shall not effect any conversion of
this Note, and the Holder of this Note shall not have the right to convert any
portion of this Note pursuant to Section 3(a), to the extent that after giving
effect to such conversion, the Holder (together with the Holders affiliates)
would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% (the **Maximum Percentage**) of
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to such conversion. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates
shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
this Note with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being
made, but shall exclude the number of  shares of Common Stock which would be
issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this
Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its affiliates and (B)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any Other Notes or
warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the
limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of
this Section 3(d)(i), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. For
purposes of this Section 3(d)(i), in determining the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Form
10-KSB, Form 10-K, Form 10-QSB, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K, as the case may be (y)
a more recent public announcement by the Company or (z) any other notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon the written request of the
Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Business Days confirm in writing to
the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case,
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after
giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Note, by the Holder or its affiliates since the date as of
which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. By
written notice to the Company, the Holder may from time to time increase or
decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99%
specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase will not be
effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to
the Company, and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the
Holder and not to any other holder of Notes.

(ii) _Principal Market Regulation_. The Company shall not be obligated to
issue any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note, and the Holder
of this Note shall not have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note
any shares of Common Stock, if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock
would exceed the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which the Company
may issue upon conversion or exercise, as applicable, of the Notes and
Warrants without breaching the Companys obligations under the rules or
regulations of the Principal Market (the number of shares which may be issued
without violating such rules and regulations, the **Exchange Cap**), except
that such limitation shall not apply in the event that the Company (A) obtains
the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules of the
Principal Market for issuances of Common Stock in excess of such amount or (B)
obtains a written opinion from outside counsel to the Company that such
approval is not required, which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to
the Required Holders. Unless and until such approval or written opinion is
obtained, no purchaser of the Notes pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement (the **Purchasers**) shall be issued in the aggregate, upon
conversion or exercise, as applicable, of Notes or Warrants, shares of Common
Stock in an amount greater than the product of the Exchange Cap multiplied by
a fraction, the numerator of which is the principal amount of Notes issued to
each Purchaser pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement on the Closing
Date and the denominator of which is the aggregate principal amount of all
Notes issued to the Purchasers pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement
on the Closing Date (with respect to each Purchaser, the **Exchange Cap
Allocation**). In the event that any Purchaser shall sell or otherwise
transfer any of such Purchasers Notes, the transferee shall be allocated a
pro rata portion of such Purchasers Exchange Cap Allocation, and the
restrictions of the prior sentence shall apply to such transferee with respect
to the portion of the Exchange Cap Allocation allocated to such transferee. In
the event that any holder of Notes shall convert all of such holders Notes
into a number of shares of Common Stock which, in the aggregate, is less than
such holders Exchange Cap Allocation, then the difference between such
holders Exchange Cap Allocation and the number of shares of Common Stock
actually issued to such holder shall be allocated to the respective Exchange
Cap Allocations of the remaining holders of Notes on a pro rata basis in
proportion to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then held by each
such holder.

(4) _RIGHTS UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT_.

(a) _Event of Default_. Each of the following events shall constitute an
**Event of Default**:

(i) the failure of the applicable Registration Statement required to be filed
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement to be declared effective by the
SEC on or prior to the date that is sixty (60) days after the applicable
Effectiveness Deadline (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), or,
while the applicable Registration Statement is required to be maintained
effective pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the
effectiveness of the applicable Registration Statement lapses for any reason
(including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order) or is
unavailable to any holder of the Notes for sale of all of such holders
Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) in
accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, and such lapse
or unavailability continues for a period of ten (10) consecutive days or for
more than an aggregate of thirty (30) days in any 365-day period (other than
days during an Allowable Grace Period (as defined in the Registration Rights
Agreement));

(ii) the suspension from trading or failure of the Common Stock to be listed
on an Eligible Market for a period of five (5) consecutive Trading Days or for
more than an aggregate of ten (10) Trading Days in any 365-day period;

(iii) the Companys (A) failure to cure a Conversion Failure by delivery of
the required number of shares of Common Stock within ten (10) Business Days
after the applicable Conversion Date or (B) written notice to any holder of
the Notes, including by way of public announcement or through any of its
agents, at any time, of its intention not to comply with a request for
conversion of any Notes into shares of Common Stock that is tendered in
accordance with the provisions of the Notes;

(iv) at any time following the tenth (10th) consecutive Business Day that the
Holders Authorized Share Allocation is less than the number of shares of
Common Stock that the Holder would be entitled to receive upon a conversion of
the full Conversion Amount of this Note (without regard to any limitations on
conversion set forth in Section 3(d) or otherwise);

(v) the Companys failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal
(including, without limitation, the Companys failure to pay any redemption or
make-whole payments), Interest, Late Charges or other amounts when and as due
under this Note or any other Transaction Document (as defined in the
Securities Purchase Agreement) or any other agreement, document, certificate
or other instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby to which the Holder is a party, except, in the case of a
failure to pay Interest and Late Charges when and as due, in which case only
if such failure continues for a period of at least five (5) Business Days;

(vi) the occurrence of any default under, redemption of or acceleration prior
to maturity of any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
which, individually or in the aggregate, exceeds $250,000 (as defined in
Section 3(a) of the Securities Purchase Agreement), other than with respect to
any Other Notes;

(vii) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, pursuant to or within the
meaning of Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar Federal, foreign or state law
for the relief of debtors (collectively, **Bankruptcy Law**), (A) commences
a voluntary case, (B) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it
in an involuntary case, (C) consents to the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official (a **Custodian**), (D)
makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or (E) admits in
writing that it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due;

(viii) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any
Bankruptcy Law that (A) is for relief against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries in an involuntary case, (B) appoints a Custodian of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or (C) orders the liquidation of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries;

(ix) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in
excess of $100,000 are rendered against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
and which judgments are not, within sixty (60) days after the entry thereof,
bonded, discharged or stayed pending appeal, or are not discharged within
sixty (60) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, that any
judgment which is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a credit worthy
party shall not be included in calculating the $100,000 amount set forth above
so long as the Company provides the Holder a written statement from such
insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by
insurance or an indemnity and the Company will receive the proceeds of such
insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such
judgment;

(x) the Company breaches any representation, warranty, covenant or other
material term or condition of any Transaction Document, except, in the case of
a breach of a covenant which is curable, only if such breach continues for a
period of at least ten (10) consecutive Business Days;

(xi) any breach or failure in any respect to comply with Section 4(r) or
Section 4(s) of the Securities Purchase Agreement or Section 15 of this Note,
except in the case of a failure to satisfy the Quarterly Test, in which case
only if such failure continues for a period of at least thirty (30) days; or

(xii) any Event of Default (as defined in the Other Notes) occurs with respect
to any Other Notes.

(b) _Redemption Right_. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with
respect to this Note or any Other Note, the Company shall within two (2)
Business Days deliver written notice thereof via facsimile and overnight
courier (an **Event of Default Notice**) to the Holder. At any time after
the earlier of the Holders receipt of an Event of Default Notice and the
Holder becoming aware of an Event of Default, the Holder may require the
Company to redeem all or any portion of this Note by delivering written notice
thereof (the **Event of Default Redemption Notice**) to the Company, which
Event of Default Redemption Notice shall indicate the portion of this Note the
Holder is electing to redeem. Each portion of this Note subject to redemption
by the Company pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be redeemed by the Company
at a price equal to the sum of (i) any accrued and unpaid Interest on the
Conversion Amount to be redeemed and any accrued and unpaid Late Charges on
such Conversion Amount and Interest and (ii) the greater of (A) the product of
(1) the Conversion Amount to be redeemed and (2) the Redemption Premium and
(B) the product of (1) the Conversion Rate with respect to such Conversion
Amount in effect at such time as the Holder delivers an Event of Default
Redemption Notice and (2) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the
date immediately preceding such Event of Default (the **Event of Default
Redemption Price**). Redemptions required by this Section 4(b) shall be made
in accordance with the provisions of Section 12\. To the extent redemptions
required by this Section 4(b) are deemed or determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be prepayments of the Note by the Company, such redemptions
shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments. The parties hereto agree that in
the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of the Note under this
Section 4(b), the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to
estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates
and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment
opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any Redemption Premium due under this
Section 4(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a
reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity
and not as a penalty.

(5) _RIGHTS UPON FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION AND CHANGE OF CONTROL_.

(a) _Assumption_. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a
Fundamental Transaction unless (i)  the Successor Entity assumes in writing
all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other
Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(a)
pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to the
Required Holders and approved by the Required Holders prior to such
Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to each holder of
Notes in exchange for such Notes a security of the Successor Entity evidenced
by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the
Notes, including, without limitation, having a principal amount and interest
rate equal to the principal amounts and the interest rates of the Notes held
by such holder, having similar conversion rights as the Notes and having
similar ranking to the Notes and (ii) the Successor Entity (including its
Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted
on or listed for trading on an Eligible Market. Upon the occurrence of any
Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be
substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental
Transaction, the provisions of this Note referring to the Company shall
refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under
this Note with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as
the Company herein. Upon consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, the
Successor Entity shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall be
issued upon conversion or redemption of this Note at any time after the
consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Common
Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable upon the
conversion of the Notes prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of
publicly traded common stock (or their equivalent) of the Successor Entity, as
adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Note. The provisions of
this Section shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental
Transactions and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the
conversion of this Note.

(b) _Redemption Right_. No sooner than fifteen (15) days nor later than ten
(10) days prior to the consummation of a Change of Control, but not prior to
the public announcement of such Change of Control, the Company shall deliver
written notice thereof via facsimile and overnight courier to the Holder (a
**Change of Control Notice**). At any time during the period (the **Change
of Control Period**) beginning after the Holders receipt of a Change of
Control Notice and ending on the date that is twenty (20) Trading Days after
the consummation of such Change of Control, the Holder may require the Company
to redeem all or any portion of this Note by delivering written notice thereof
(**Change of Control Redemption Notice**) to the Company, which Change of
Control Redemption Notice shall indicate the Conversion Amount the Holder is
electing to redeem. The portion of this Note subject to redemption pursuant to
this Section 5 shall be redeemed by the Company in cash at a price equal to
the greater of (i) the sum of (x) the product of the Change of Control
Redemption Premium and the Conversion Amount being redeemed and (y) the amount
of any accrued but unpaid Interest thereon through the date of such redemption
payment and (ii) the product of (x) the Equity Value Redemption Premium and
(y) the sum of (1) the product of (A) the Conversion Amount being redeemed
multiplied by (B) the quotient determined by dividing (I) the aggregate cash
consideration and the aggregate cash value of any non-cash consideration per
Common Share to be paid to the holders of the Common Shares upon consummation
of the Change of Control (any such non-cash consideration consisting of
marketable securities to be valued at the higher of the Closing Sale Price of
such securities as of the Trading Day immediately prior to or the Trading Day
following the public announcement of such proposed Change of Control) by (II)
the Conversion Price plus (2) the amount of any accrued but unpaid Interest on
such Conversion Amount being redeemed through the date of such redemption
payment, (the **Change of Control Redemption Price**). Redemptions required
by this Section 5 shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section
12 and shall have priority to payments to shareholders in connection with a
Change of Control. To the extent redemptions required by this Section 5(b) are
deemed or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of
the Note by the Company, such redemptions shall be deemed to be voluntary
prepayments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5, until
the Change of Control Redemption Price (together with any interest thereon) is
paid in full, the Conversion Amount submitted for redemption under this
Section 5(c) may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder into shares
of Common Stock, or in the event the Conversion Date is after the consummation
of the Change of Control, shares of publicly traded common stock (or their
equivalent) of the Successor Entity pursuant to Section 3\. The parties hereto
agree that in the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of the Note
under this Section 5(b), the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult
to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates
and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment
opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this
Section 5(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a
reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity
and not as a penalty.

(6) _RIGHTS UPON ISSUANCE OF PURCHASE RIGHTS AND OTHER CORPORATE EVENTS_.

(a) _Purchase Rights_. If at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any
Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants,
securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of
Common Stock (the **Purchase Rights**), then the Holder will be entitled to
acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate
Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held
the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of
this Note (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the
convertibility of this Note) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such
record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

(b) _Other Corporate Events_. In addition to and not in substitution for any
other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental
Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled
to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for
shares of Common Stock (a **Corporate Event**), the Company shall make
appropriate provision to insure that the Holder will thereafter have the right
to receive upon a conversion of this Note, at the Holders option, (i) in
addition to the shares of Common Stock receivable upon such conversion, such
securities or other assets to which the Holder would have been entitled with
respect to such shares of Common Stock had such shares of Common Stock been
held by the Holder upon the consummation of such Corporate Event (without
taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of
this Note) or (ii) in lieu of the shares of Common Stock otherwise receivable
upon such conversion, such securities or other assets received by the holders
of shares of Common Stock in connection with the consummation of such
Corporate Event in such amounts as the Holder would have been entitled to
receive had this Note initially been issued with conversion rights for the
form of such consideration (as opposed to shares of Common Stock) at a
conversion rate for such consideration commensurate with the Conversion Rate.
The provisions of this Section shall apply similarly and equally to successive
Corporate Events and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the
conversion or redemption of this Note.

(7) _RIGHTS UPON ISSUANCE OF OTHER SECURITIES_.

(a) _Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Issuance of Common Stock_. If and
whenever on or after the Subscription Date, the Company issues or sells, or in
accordance with this Section 7(a) is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares
of Common Stock (including the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock
owned or held by or for the account of the Company, but excluding shares of
Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold by the Company in connection
with any Excluded Security) for a consideration per share less than a price
(the **Applicable Price**) equal to the Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such issue or sale (the foregoing a **Dilutive
Issuance**), then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion
Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal the product of (A)
the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such Dilutive Issuance and
(B) the quotient determined by dividing (1) the sum of (I) the product derived
by multiplying the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
Dilutive Issuance and the number of shares of Common Stock Deemed Outstanding
immediately prior to such Dilutive Issuance plus (II) the consideration, if
any, received by the Company upon such Dilutive Issuance, by (2) the product
derived by multiplying (I) the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to
such Dilutive Issuance by (II) the number of shares of Common Stock Deemed
Outstanding immediately after such Dilutive Issuance. For purposes of
determining the adjusted Conversion Price under this Section 7(a), the
following shall be applicable:

(i) _Issuance of Options_. If the Company in any manner grants or sells any
Options and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is
issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion or exchange
or exercise of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of such
Option is less than the Applicable Price, then such share of Common Stock
shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the
Company at the time of the granting or sale of such Option for such price per
share. For purposes of this Section 7(a)(i), the lowest price per share for
which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of any such
Option or upon conversion or exchange or exercise of any Convertible
Securities issuable upon exercise of such Option shall be equal to the sum of
the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the
Company with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon granting or sale of
the Option, upon exercise of the Option and upon conversion or exchange or
exercise of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option. No
further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made upon the actual
issuance of such share of Common Stock or of such Convertible Securities upon
the exercise of such Options or upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock
upon conversion or exchange or exercise of such Convertible Securities.

(ii) _Issuance of Convertible Securities_. If the Company in any manner issues
or sells any Convertible Securities and the lowest price per share for which
one share of Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange or
exercise thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such share of Common
Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by
the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities
for such price per share. For the purposes of this Section 7(a)(ii), the
lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon
such conversion or exchange or exercise shall be equal to the sum of the
lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company
with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the issuance or sale of the
Convertible Security and upon the conversion or exchange or exercise of such
Convertible Security. No further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be
made upon the actual issuance of such share of Common Stock upon conversion or
exchange or exercise of such Convertible Securities, and if any such issue or
sale of such Convertible Securities is made upon exercise of any Options for
which adjustment of the Conversion Price had been or are to be made pursuant
to other provisions of this Section 7(a), no further adjustment of the
Conversion Price shall be made by reason of such issue or sale.

(iii) _Change in Option Price or Rate of Conversion_. If the purchase price
provided for in any Options, the additional consideration, if any, payable
upon the issue, conversion, exchange or exercise of any Convertible
Securities, or the rate at which any Convertible Securities are convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for Common Stock changes at any time, the
Conversion Price in effect at the time of such change shall be adjusted to the
Conversion Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Options
or Convertible Securities provided for such changed purchase price, additional
consideration or changed conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time
initially granted, issued or sold. For purposes of this Section 7(a)(iii), if
the terms of any Option or Convertible Security that was outstanding as of the
Subscription Date are changed in the manner described in the immediately
preceding sentence, then such Option or Convertible Security and the Common
Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof shall be
deemed to have been issued as of the date of such change. No adjustment shall
be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Conversion Price
then in effect.

(iv) _Calculation of Consideration Received_. In case any Option is issued in
connection with the issue or sale of other securities of the Company, together
comprising one integrated transaction in which no specific consideration is
allocated to such Options by the parties thereto, the Options will be deemed
to have been issued for a consideration of $.01. If any Common Stock, Options
or Convertible Securities are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or
sold for cash, the consideration received therefor will be deemed to be the
net amount received by the Company therefor. If any Common Stock, Options or
Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a consideration other than cash,
the amount of the consideration as determined in good faith by the Board of
Directors other than cash received by the Company will be the fair value of
such consideration, except where such consideration consists of securities, in
which case the amount of consideration received by the Company will be the
Closing Sale Price of such securities on the date of receipt. If any Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued to the owners of the non-
surviving entity in connection with any merger in which the Company is the
surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be
the fair value of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-
surviving entity as is attributable to such Common Stock, Options or
Convertible Securities, as the case may be. The fair value of any
consideration other than cash or securities will be determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors.

(v) _Record Date_. If the Company takes a record of the holders of Common
Stock for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive a dividend or other
distribution payable in Common Stock, Options or in Convertible Securities or
(B) to subscribe for or purchase Common Stock, Options or Convertible
Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issue
or sale of the Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the
declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution or the
date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase, as the case
may be.

(vi) _Floor Price_. Until such time as the Company receives, the Stockholder
Approval (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), no adjustment
pursuant to Section 7(a) shall cause the Conversion Price to be less than
$23.05, as adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
reclassification or similar transaction (the **Conversion Floor Price**).

(b) _Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common
Stock_. If the Company at any time on or after the Subscription Date
subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise)
one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater
number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such
subdivision will be proportionately reduced. If the Company at any time on or
after the Subscription Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or
otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased.

(c) _Other Events_. If any event occurs of the type contemplated by the
provisions of this Section 7 but not expressly provided for by such provisions
(including, without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation rights,
phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features), then the Companys
Board of Directors will make an appropriate adjustment in the Conversion Price
so as to protect the rights of the Holder under this Note; provided that no
such adjustment will increase the Conversion Price as otherwise determined
pursuant to this Section 7\.

(8) _HOLDERS RIGHT OF OPTIONAL REDEMPTION_. At any time during the thirty
(30) day period commencing on the earlier of (i) the filing of the Companys
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2008, (the **2008 10-K**)
and (ii) the applicable date the Company is required to file the 2008 10-K as
set forth in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Holder shall
have the right, in its sole discretion, to require that the Company redeem
(each, a **Holder Optional Redemption**) up to all of the Conversion Amount
of this Note plus any accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to such
Principal and Interest and any accrued and unpaid Late Charges, if any, with
respect to such Principal and Interest (the **Available Holder Optional
Redemption Amount**) by delivering written notice thereof (a **Holder
Optional Redemption Notice**) to the Company. The Holder Optional Redemption
Notice shall indicate the amount of the Available Holder Optional Redemption
Amount the Holder is electing to have redeemed (the **Holder Optional
Redemption Amount**) and the date of such redemption (the **Holder Optional
Redemption Date**); provided, however that such Holder Optional Redemption
Date shall not be less than three (3) Business Days after the date of delivery
of such Holder Optional Redemption Notice. The portion of this Note subject to
redemption pursuant to this Section 8 shall be redeemed by the Company in cash
on the Holder Optional Redemption Date at a price equal to the Holder Optional
Redemption Amount being redeemed (the **Holder Optional Redemption Price**).
Redemptions required by this Section 8 shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of Section 12\. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 8, but subject to Section 3(d), until the Holder receives the Holder
Optional Redemption Price, the Holder Optional Redemption Amount may be
converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder into Common Stock pursuant to
Section 3, and any such conversion shall reduce the Holder Optional Redemption
Amount in the manner set forth by the Holder in the applicable Conversion
Notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from and after the filing of the 2008
10-K, if the Companys EBITDA for such fiscal year as set forth in the 2008
10-K exceeds $22,500,000, the Holder shall have no right to require redemption
of this Note pursuant to this Section 8\.

(9) _OPTIONAL REDEMPTION AT THE COMPANYS ELECTION_.

(a) _General_. If at any time, and from time to time, from and after the
second (2nd) anniversary of the Issuance Date (the **Optional Redemption
Eligibility Date**), (i) the average Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock
for any twenty (20) Trading Days out of any thirty (30) consecutive Trading
Day period exceeds 175% of the Conversion Price then in effect following the
Optional Redemption Eligibility Date (the **Optional Redemption Condition**)
and (ii) there has been no Equity Conditions Failure, the Company shall have
the right, provided the Optional Redemption Condition is also met on and as of
the Optional Redemption Date, to redeem all or any portion of the Conversion
Amount then remaining under this Note (the **Optional Redemption Amount**)
as designated in the Optional Redemption Notice, as of the Optional Redemption
Date (an "**Optional Redemption**). The portion of this Note subject to
redemption pursuant to this Section 9 shall be redeemed by the Company in cash
at a price equal to the sum of (i) the Conversion Amount being redeemed, (B)
the applicable Make-Whole Amount, (C) the amount of any accrued and unpaid
Interest on such Conversion Amount through the Optional Redemption Date and
(D) the amount of any accrued and unpaid Late Charges, if any, on such
Conversion Amount and related Interest through the Optional Redemption Date
(the **Optional Redemption Price**). The Company may exercise its right to
require redemption under this Section 9 by delivering a written notice thereof
by facsimile and overnight courier to all, but not less than all, of the
holders of Notes (the **Optional Redemption Notice** and the date all of the
holders received such notice is referred to as the **Optional Redemption
Notice Date**) and each Optional Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. The
Optional Redemption Notice shall state (1) the date on which the Optional
Redemption shall occur (the "**Optional Redemption Date**) which date shall
be not less than five (5) Trading Days nor more than thirty (30) Trading Days
after the Optional Redemption Notice Date, and (2) the aggregate Conversion
Amount of the Notes which the Company has elected to be subject to Optional
Redemption from all of the holders of the Notes pursuant to this Section 9
(and analogous provisions under the Other Notes) on the Optional Redemption
Date; provided, however, that the Company shall not redeem a Conversion Amount
under this Section in excess of the Holders Pro Rata Amount of the aggregate
dollar trading volume (as reported on Bloomberg) of the Common Stock over the
thirty (30) consecutive Trading Day period ending on the Trading Day
immediately preceding the Optional Redemption Notice Date. The Company may not
effect more than one (1) Optional Redemption during any consecutive thirty
(30) Trading Day period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 9, until the Optional Redemption Price is paid, in full, the Optional
Redemption Amount may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holders into
shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 3\. All Conversion Amounts
converted by the Holder after the Optional Redemption Notice Date shall reduce
the Optional Redemption Amount of this Note required to be redeemed on the
Optional Redemption Date. Redemptions made pursuant to this Section 9 shall be
made in accordance with Section 12\.

(b) _Pro Rata Redemption Requirement_. If the Company elects to cause an
Optional Redemption pursuant to Section 9(a), then it must simultaneously take
the same action with respect to the Other Notes. If the Company elects to
cause an Optional Redemption pursuant to Section 9(a) (or similar provisions
under the Other Notes) with respect to less than all of the Conversion Amounts
of the Notes then outstanding, then the Company shall require redemption of a
Conversion Amount from each of the holders of the Notes equal to the product
of (i) the aggregate Conversion Amount of Notes which the Company has elected
to cause to be redeemed pursuant to Section 9(a), multiplied by (ii) the
fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of the aggregate initial principal
amount of the Notes purchased by such holder of outstanding Notes and the
denominator of which is the sum of the aggregate initial principal amount of
the Notes purchased by all holders holding outstanding Notes (such fraction
with respect to each holder is referred to as its "**Redemption Allocation
Percentage**, and such amount with respect to each holder is referred to as
its **Pro Rata Redemption Amount**); provided, however that in the event
that any holders Pro Rata Redemption Amount exceeds the outstanding Principal
amount of such holders Note, then such excess Pro Rata Redemption Amount
shall be allocated amongst the remaining holders of Notes in accordance with
the foregoing formula. In the event that the initial holder of any Notes shall
sell or otherwise transfer any of such holders Notes, the transferee shall be
allocated a pro rata portion of such holders Redemption Allocation Percentage
and Pro Rata Redemption Amount.

(10) _NONCIRCUMVENTION_. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the
Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or
through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme
of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other
voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any
of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all
of the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to
protect the rights of the Holder of this Note.

(11) _RESERVATION OF AUTHORIZED SHARES_.

(a) _Reservation_. The Company initially shall reserve out of its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a number of shares of Common Stock for each of the
Notes equal to 120% of the Conversion Rate with respect to the Conversion
Amount of each such Note as of the Issuance Date. So long as any of the Notes
are outstanding, the Company shall take all action necessary to reserve and
keep available out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, solely for the
purpose of effecting the conversion of the Notes, 120% of the number of shares
of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the
conversion of all of the Notes then outstanding; provided that at no time
shall the number of shares of Common Stock so reserved be less than the number
of shares required to be reserved of the previous sentence (without regard to
any limitations on conversions) (the **Required Reserve Amount**). The
initial number of shares of Common Stock reserved for conversions of the Notes
and each increase in the number of shares so reserved shall be allocated pro
rata among the holders of the Notes based on the principal amount of the Notes
held by each holder at the Closing (as defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement) or increase in the number of reserved shares, as the case may be
(the **Authorized Share Allocation**). In the event that a holder shall sell
or otherwise transfer any of such holders Notes, each transferee shall be
allocated a pro rata portion of such holders Authorized Share Allocation. Any
shares of Common Stock reserved and allocated to any Person which ceases to
hold any Notes shall be allocated to the remaining holders of Notes, pro rata
based on the principal amount of the Notes then held by such holders.

(b) _Insufficient Authorized Shares_. If at any time while any of the Notes
remain outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized
and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve for
issuance upon conversion of the Notes at least a number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the Required Reserve Amount (an **Authorized Share
Failure**), then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to
increase the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount
sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for the
Notes then outstanding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an
Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than ninety (90) days after
the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a
meeting of its shareholders for the approval of an increase in the number of
authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting, the
Company shall provide each shareholder with a proxy statement and shall use
its best efforts to solicit its shareholders approval of such increase in
authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to
recommend to the shareholders that they approve such proposal.

(12) _HOLDERS REDEMPTIONS_.

(a) _Mechanics_. The Company shall deliver the applicable Event of Default
Redemption Price to the Holder within five (5) Business Days after the
Companys receipt of the Holders Event of Default Redemption Notice. If the
Holder has submitted a Change of Control Redemption Notice in accordance with
Section 5(b), the Company shall deliver the applicable Change of Control
Redemption Price to the Holder concurrently with the consummation of such
Change of Control if such notice is received prior to the consummation of such
Change of Control and within five (5) Business Days after the Companys
receipt of such notice otherwise. The Company shall deliver the Holder
Optional Redemption Price to the Holder on the Holder Optional Redemption Date
and the Optional Redemption Price on the applicable Optional Redemption Date.
In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Conversion Amount of this
Note, the Company shall promptly cause to be issued and delivered to the
Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)) representing the
outstanding Principal which has not been redeemed. In the event that the
Company does not pay the applicable Redemption Price to the Holder within the
time period required, at any time thereafter and until the Company pays such
unpaid Redemption Price in full, the Holder shall have the option, in lieu of
redemption, to require the Company to promptly return to the Holder all or any
portion of this Note representing the Conversion Amount that was submitted for
redemption and for which the applicable Redemption Price (together with any
Late Charges thereon) has not been paid. Upon the Companys receipt of such
notice, (x) the Redemption Notice shall be null and void with respect to such
Conversion Amount, (y) the Company shall immediately return this Note, or
issue a new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)) to the Holder representing
such Conversion Amount and (z) the Conversion Price of this Note or such new
Notes shall be adjusted to the lesser of (A) the Conversion Price as in effect
on the date on which the Redemption Notice is voided and (B) the lowest
Closing Bid Price during the period beginning on and including the date on
which the Redemption Notice is delivered to the Company and ending on and
including the date on which the Redemption Notice is voided. The Holders
delivery of a notice voiding a Redemption Notice and exercise of its rights
following such notice shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any
payments of Late Charges which have accrued prior to the date of such notice
with respect to the Conversion Amount subject to such notice.

(b) _Redemption by Other Holders_. Upon the Companys receipt of notice from
any of the holders of the Other Notes for redemption or repayment as a result
of an event or occurrence substantially similar to the events or occurrences
described in Section 4(b), Section 5(b) or Section 8 (each, an **Other
Redemption Notice**), the Company shall immediately, but no later than one
(1) Business Day of its receipt thereof), forward to the Holder by facsimile a
copy of such notice. If the Company receives a Redemption Notice and one or
more Other Redemption Notices, during the seven (7) Business Day period
beginning on and including the date which is three (3) Business Days prior to
the Companys receipt of the Holders Redemption Notice and ending on and
including the date which is three Business Days after the Companys receipt of
the Holders Redemption Notice and the Company is unable to redeem all
principal, interest and other amounts designated in such Redemption Notice and
such Other Redemption Notices received during such seven (7) Business Day
period, then the Company shall redeem a pro rata amount from each holder of
the Notes (including the Holder) based on the principal amount of the Notes
submitted for redemption pursuant to such Redemption Notice and such Other
Redemption Notices received by the Company during such seven (7) Business Day
period.

(13) _RESTRICTION ON REDEMPTION AND CASH DIVIDENDS_. Until all of the Notes
have been converted, redeemed or otherwise satisfied in accordance with their
terms, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, redeem, repurchase or
declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on its capital stock without
the prior express written consent of the Required Holders.

(14) _VOTING RIGHTS_. The Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of
this Note, except as required by law, including but not limited to the
Delaware General Corporation Law, and as expressly provided in this Note.

(15) _COVENANTS_.

(a) _Rank_. All payments due under this Note (a) shall rank _pari passu _with
all Other Notes and (b) shall be senior to all other Indebtedness of the
Company and its Subsidiaries other than Permitted Senior Indebtedness.

(b) _Indebtedness_. So long as this Note is outstanding, the Company shall
not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or
indirectly, incur or guarantee, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness,
other than Permitted Indebtedness.

(c) _Existence of Liens_. So long as this Note is outstanding, the Company
shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
directly or indirectly, allow or suffer to exist any mortgage, lien, pledge,
charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or
assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries (collectively, **Liens**) other than Permitted Liens.

(d) _Restricted Payments_. The Company shall not, and the Company shall not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, redeem, defease,
repurchase, repay or make any payments in respect of, by the payment of cash
or cash equivalents (in whole or in part, whether by way of open market
purchases, tender offers, private transactions or otherwise), all or any
portion of any Permitted Indebtedness, whether by way of payment in respect of
principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on, such Indebtedness if at the
time such payment is due or is otherwise made or, after giving effect to such
payment, an event constituting, or that with the passage of time and without
being cured would constitute, an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing.

(16) _RIGHTS UPON DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS_. Subject to the provisions of
Section 4(j) of the Securities Purchase Agreement, if the Company shall
declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to
acquire its assets) to holders of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or
otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, shares or
other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other
similar transaction) (a **Distribution**), at any time after the issuance of
this Note, then, in each such case any Conversion Price in effect immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination
of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be
reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date, to a price
determined by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction of which (i) the
numerator shall be the Closing Bid Price of the Common Stock on the Trading
Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution
(as determined in good faith by the Companys Board of Directors) applicable
to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator shall be the Closing
Bid Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such
record date.

(17) _VOTE TO ISSUE, OR CHANGE THE TERMS OF, NOTES_. No term of this Note may
be amended or modified unless pursuant to a writing signed by the Company and
the Required Holders; _provided_, _however_, that any amendment or
modification that pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents adversely
and disproportionately affects any holder of Notes that holds at least $1
million in principal amount of Notes (and not because of the nature or
situation of such holder of Notes) shall require the prior written consent of
such holder. The affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose or
the written consent without a meeting of the Required Holders shall be
required for any change or amendment to this Note or the Other Notes.

(18) _TRANSFER_. This Note may be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by
the Holder without the consent of the Company, subject only to the provisions
of Section 2(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement; provided, however, that
no such sale, assignment or transfer of this Note shall be in a denomination
less than the lesser of (a) $500,000 and (b) the remaining outstanding
Principal of this Note, the accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to such
Principal and the accrued and unpaid Late Charges with respect to such
Principal and Interest;.

(19) _REISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE_.

(a) _Transfer_. If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender
this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will, subject to the
satisfaction of the transfer provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement,
forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in
accordance with Section 19(d)), registered in the name of the registered
transferee or assignee, representing the outstanding Principal being
transferred by the Holder and, if less then the entire outstanding Principal
is being transferred, a new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)) to the
Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The
Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree
that, by reason of the provisions of Section 3(c)(iii) and this Section 19(a),
following conversion or redemption of any portion of this Note, the
outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal
stated on the face of this Note.

(b) _Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note_. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or
mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of
any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary form
and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note,
the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance
with Section 19(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

(c) _Note Exchangeable for Different Denominations_. This Note is
exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office
of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section 19(d) and
in principal amounts of at least $100,000) representing in the aggregate the
outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such
portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the Holder at the
time of such surrender.

(d) _Issuance of New Notes_. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new
Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be of like
tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such
new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or in the case of a new Note
being issued pursuant to Section 19(a) or Section 19(c), the Principal
designated by the Holder which, when added to the principal represented by the
other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the
Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such
issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the
face of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note,
(iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall
represent accrued and unpaid Interest and Late Charges on the Principal and
Interest of this Note, from the Issuance Date.

(20) _REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATIONS, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE
RELIEF_. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in
addition to all other remedies available under this Note and any of the other
Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including a decree of specific
performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit
the Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure
by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. Amounts set forth or
provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the
computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and
shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other
obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company
acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause
irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach
may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such
breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all
other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach, without the
necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required.

(21) _PAYMENT OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS_. If (a) this Note is
placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is
collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise
takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the
provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization,
receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors
rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the
costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in
connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other
proceeding, including, but not limited to, attorneys fees and disbursements.

(22) _CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS_. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted
by the Company and all the Purchasers and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of
reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this
Note.

(23) _FAILURE OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER_. No failure or delay on the part of
the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or
of any other right, power or privilege.

(24) _DISPUTE RESOLUTION_. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of
the Closing Bid Price, the Closing Sale Price or the Weighted Average Price or
the arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Rate or any Redemption Price, the
Company shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations
via facsimile within two (2) Business Days of receipt, or deemed receipt, of
the Conversion Notice or Redemption Notice or other event giving rise to such
dispute, as the case may be, to the Holder. If the Holder and the Company are
unable to agree upon such determination or calculation within two (2) Business
Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted
to the Holder, then the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days submit via
facsimile (a) the disputed determination of the Closing Bid Price, the Closing
Sale Price or the Weighted Average Price to an independent, reputable
investment bank selected by the Company and approved by the Holder or (b) the
disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Rate or any Redemption Price
to the Companys independent, outside accountant. The Company, at the
Companys expense, shall cause the investment bank or the accountant, as the
case may be, to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the
Company and the Holder of the results no later than five (5) Business Days
from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations. Such
investment banks or accountants determination or calculation, as the case
may be, shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error.

(25) _NOTICES; PAYMENTS_.

(a) _Notices_. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless
otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with
Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide
the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this
Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the
reason therefore. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) immediately upon any
adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and
certifying, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least twenty (20)
days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record
(A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, (B)
with respect to any pro rata subscription offer to holders of Common Stock or
(C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental
Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such
information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with
such notice being provided to the Holder.

(b) _Payments_. Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to
any Person pursuant to this Note, such payment shall be made in lawful money
of the United States of America by a check drawn on the account of the Company
and sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as
previously provided to the Company in writing (which address, in the case of
each of the Purchasers, shall initially be as set forth on the Schedule of
Buyers attached to the Securities Purchase Agreement); provided that the
Holder may elect to receive a payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately
available funds by providing the Company with prior written notice setting out
such request and the Holders wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount
expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a
Business Day and, in the case of any Interest Date which is not the date on
which this Note is paid in full, the same shall instead be due on the next
succeeding day which is a Business Day. Any amount of Principal or other
amounts due under the Transaction Documents, other than Interest, which is not
paid when due shall result in a late charge being incurred and payable by the
Company in an amount equal to interest on such amount at the rate of twelve
and one-half percent (12.5%) per annum from the date such amount was due until
the same is paid in full (**Late Charge**).

(26) _CANCELLATION_. After all Principal, accrued Interest and other amounts
at any time owed on this Note has been paid in full, this Note shall
automatically be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for
cancellation and shall not be reissued.

(27) _WAIVER OF NOTICE_. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby
waives demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection
with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this
Note and the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(28) _GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; JURY TRIAL_. This Note shall be construed
and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the
construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Note shall be
governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the
State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application
of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. The Company
hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and
federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim
that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that
such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that
the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. The Company hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to
such party at the address it set forth on the signature page hereto and agrees
that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way
any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. In the event that
any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable
statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the
extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform
with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid
or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision of this Note. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal
action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the
Companys obligations to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other
security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling
in favor of the Holder. **THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT
MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY
DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY
TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.**

(29) _SUBORDINATION TO PERMITTED INDEBTEDNESS_.

(a) _Subordination_. The indebtedness represented by this Note and the payment
of any Principal, Interest, Late Charges, redemption amount, liquidated
damages, fees, expenses or any other amounts in respect of this Note
(collectively, the **Subordinated Indebtedness**) is hereby expressly made
subordinate and junior and subject in all respects to the right of payment and
to the prior payment in full of all Permitted Senior Indebtedness of the
Company hereinafter incurred.

(b) _Payment upon Dissolution, Etc._ In the event of any bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, receivership, composition, assignment for benefit
of creditors or other similar proceeding initiated by or against the Company,
or any dissolution or winding up or total or partial liquidation or
reorganization in bankruptcy of the Company (each, a **Proceeding**), all
principal, interest and other obligations due upon any Permitted Senior
Indebtedness shall first be paid or collateralized in full in cash (or cash
equivalents) before the Holder shall be entitled to receive or, if received,
to retain any payment or distribution of any Subordinated Indebtedness and,
during the continuance of any such Proceeding, any payment or distribution of
assets of the Company of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or
securities, to which the Holder would be entitled with respect to any
Subordinated Indebtedness but for the provisions of this Section 29 shall be
paid by the Company or by any receiver, trustee in bankruptcy, liquidating
trustee, agent or other Person making such payment or distribution, or by the
Holder who shall have received such payment or distribution, directly to the
holders of the Permitted Senior Indebtedness (pro rata to each such holder on
the basis of the respective amounts of such Permitted Senior Indebtedness held
by such holder) or their representatives to the extent necessary to pay (or
collaterize in cash) all such Permitted Senior Indebtedness in full after
giving effect to any concurrent payment or distribution to or for the holders
of such Permitted Senior Indebtedness, before any payment or distribution of
any of the Subordinated Indebtedness is made to (or retained by) the Holder or
any other holders of any of the Notes.

(c) _Certain Rights_. Nothing contained in this Section 29 or elsewhere in
this Note or any other Transaction Document, is intended to or shall impair,
as among the Company, its creditors including the holders of Permitted Senior
Indebtedness and the Holder, the right, which is absolute and unconditional,
of the Holder to convert this Note in accordance herewith.

(d) _Rights of Holder Unimpaired_. The provisions of this Section 29 are and
are intended solely for the purposes of defining the relative rights of the
Holder and the holders of Permitted Senior Indebtedness and nothing in this
Section 29 shall impair, as between the Company and the Holder, the obligation
of the Company, which is unconditional and absolute, to pay to the Holder the
Principal hereof (and premium, if any), accrued Interest hereon and all other
Subordinated Indebtedness payable hereunder, all in accordance with the terms
of this Note.

(30) _CERTAIN DEFINITIONS_. For purposes of this Note, the following terms
shall have the following meanings:

(a) "**Approved Stock Plan** means any employee benefit plan or long term
stock incentive plan which has been approved by the Board of Directors of the
Company, pursuant to which the Companys securities may be issued to any
employee, consultant, officer or director for services provided to the
Company.

(b) "**Bloomberg** means Bloomberg Financial Markets.

(c) "**Business Day** means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day
on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required
by law to remain closed.

(d) "**Calendar Quarter** means each of: the period beginning on and
including January 1 and ending on and including March 31; the period beginning
on and including April 1 and ending on and including June 30; the period
beginning on and including July 1 and ending on and including September 30;
and the period beginning on and including October 1 and ending on and
including December 31\.

(e) "**Change of Control** means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i)
any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of the Common Stock
in which holders of the Companys voting power immediately prior to such
reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification continue after such
reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded
securities and, directly or indirectly, the voting power of the surviving
entity or entities necessary to elect a majority of the members of the board
of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity
or entities, or (ii) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the
purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company.

(f) "**Change of Control Consideration** means, for any Change of Control, an
amount equal to the sum of the aggregate cash consideration and the aggregate
cash value of any marketable securities per share of Common Stock to be paid
to the holders of the Common Stock upon consummation of such Change of
Control, with any such marketable securities to be valued at the Closing Sale
Price of such securities as of the Trading Day following the public
announcement of such proposed Change of Control.

(g) "**Change of Control Redemption Premium** means (i) for Change of Control
events consummated prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of the Issuance Date,
120% and (ii) for Change of Control events consummated following the third
(3rd) anniversary of the Issuance Date, 110%; provided, however, that, in
connection with any Change of Control in which the Change of Control
Consideration (A) consists solely of cash, marketable securities or a
combination thereof and (B) equals or exceeds 150% of the initial Conversion
Price, then the Change of Control Redemption Premium shall equal 100%.

(h) "**Closing Bid Price** and **Closing Sale Price** means, for any
security as of any date, the last closing bid price and last closing trade
price, respectively, for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by
Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours
basis and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price,
as the case may be, then the last bid price or last trade price, respectively,
of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York Time, as reported by
Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal securities
exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing bid price or
last trade price, respectively, of such security on the principal securities
exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported
by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing bid price or
last trade price, respectively, of such security in the over-the-counter
market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by
Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, is
reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the
ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for such security as reported
in the pink sheets by Pink Sheets LLC (formerly the National Quotation
Bureau, Inc.). If the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price cannot be
calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases,
the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price, as the case may be, of such
security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by
the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree
upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be
resolved pursuant to Section 24\. All such determinations to be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other
similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

(i) "**Closing Date** shall have the meaning set forth in the Securities
Purchase Agreement, which date is the date the Company initially issued Notes
pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(j) "**Common Stock Deemed Outstanding** means, at any given time, the number
of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding at such time, plus the number
of shares of Common Stock deemed to be outstanding pursuant to Sections
7(a)(i) and 7(a)(ii) hereof regardless of whether the Options or Convertible
Securities are actually exercisable at such time, but excluding any Common
Stock owned or held by or for the account of the Company or issuable upon
conversion or exercise, as applicable, of the Notes and the Warrants.

(k) "**Consolidated EBITDA** means, with respect to any Person for any
applicable Calendar Quarters, the Consolidated Net Income of such Person and
its Subsidiaries as set forth in the financial statements of the Company
contained in the Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the most recent Calendar Quarters
for which financials are publicly available, _plus_ without duplication, the
sum of the following amounts of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such
period and to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income of
such Person for such period: (i) Consolidated Net Interest Expense, (ii)
income tax expense, (iii) depreciation expense, (iv) amortization expense, and
(v) any non-cash impact of hedge or derivative accounting adjustments.

(l) "**Consolidated Net Income** means, with respect to any Person for any
period, the net income (loss) of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such
period, determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP, but
excluding from the determination of Consolidated Net Income (without
duplication) (i) any extraordinary or non recurring gains or losses or gains
or losses from dispositions of assets, (ii) restructuring charges, (iii) any
tax refunds, net operating losses or other net tax benefits, (iv) effects of
discontinued operations and (v) interest income (including interest paid-in-
kind)

(m) "**Consolidated Net Interest Expense** means, with respect to any Person
for any period, gross interest expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for
such period determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP
(including, without limitation, interest expense paid to affiliates of such
Person), _less_ (i) the sum of (A) interest income for such period and (B)
gains for such period on hedging agreements (to the extent not included in
interest income above and to the extent not deducted in the calculation of
gross interest expense), _plus_ (ii) the sum of (A) losses for such period on
hedging agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense) and
(B) the upfront costs or fees for such period associated with hedging
agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense), in each
case, determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP.

(n) "**Contingent Obligation** means, as to any Person, any direct or
indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to
any indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the
primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the
primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such
liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any
agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such
liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect
thereto.

(o) "**Convertible Securities** means any stock or securities (other than
Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for Common Stock.

(p) "**EBITDA Target** means, from and after the Effective Date, the Company
has reported LTM Consolidated EBITDA from or after the Calendar Quarter ended
March 31, 2006 equal to or greater than $4,000,000.

(q) "**EBITDA Test** means that (i) the Equity Conditions have been satisfied
as of the applicable date of determination and (ii) the Company has either (A)
for the Calendar Quarter ended March 31, 2006, for the two (2) consecutive
Calendar Quarters ended June 30, 2006 and for the three (3) consecutive
Calendar Quarters ended September 30, 2006, reported a Consolidated EBITDA in
excess of $10,000,000 or (B) for Calendar Quarters ended from and after
December 31, 2006, reported LTM Consolidated EBITDA in excess of $10,000,000.

(r) "**Effective Date** has the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights
Agreement.

(s) "**Eligible Market** means , the Principal Market, The New York Stock
Exchange, Inc., the Nasdaq National Market or The Nasdaq Capital Market.

(t) "**Equity Conditions** means that each of the following conditions is
satisfied: (i) on each day during the period beginning six (6) months prior to
the applicable date of determination and ending on and including the
applicable date of determination (the **Equity Conditions Measuring
Period**), either (x) the Registration Statement filed pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement shall be effective and available for the resale
of all remaining Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms of the
Registration Rights Agreement and there shall not be in effect any Grace
Periods (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) or (y) all shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes and exercise of the
Warrants shall be eligible for sale without restriction and without the need
for registration under any applicable federal or state securities laws; (ii)
on each day during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, the Common Stock is
designated for quotation on the Principal Market and shall not have been
suspended from trading on such exchange or market (other than suspensions of
not more than two days and occurring prior to the applicable date of
determination due to business announcements by the Company) nor shall
delisting or suspension by such exchange or market been threatened or pending
either (A) in writing by such exchange or market or (B) by falling below the
minimum listing maintenance requirements of such exchange or market; (iii)
during the one (1) year period ending on and including the date immediately
preceding the applicable date of determination, the Company shall have
delivered Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Notes shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of the Warrants to the holders on a timely basis as set
forth in Section 3(c)(i) hereof (and analogous provisions under the Other
Notes) and Section 1(a) of the Warrants; (iv) any applicable shares of Common
Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring determination may be
issued in full without violating Section 3(d) hereof and the rules or
regulations of the Principal Market; (v) during the Equity Conditions
Measuring Period, the Company shall not have failed to timely make any
payments within five (5) Business Days of when such payment is due pursuant to
any Transaction Document; (vi) during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period,
there shall not have occurred either (A) the public announcement of a pending,
proposed or intended Fundamental Transaction which has not been abandoned,
terminated or consummated or (B) an Event of Default or an event that with the
passage of time or giving of notice would constitute an Event of Default;
(vii) the Company shall have no knowledge of any fact that would cause (x) the
Registration Statements required pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement
not to be effective and available for the resale of all remaining Registrable
Securities in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement
or (y) any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes and
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants not to be
eligible for sale without restriction pursuant to Rule 144(k) and any
applicable state securities laws; (viii) the Company otherwise shall have been
in material compliance with and shall not have materially breached any
provision, covenant, representation or warranty of any Transaction Document;
and (ix) the Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained.

(u) "**Equity Conditions Failure** means that during any period commencing
with the Optional Redemption Notice Date through the Optional Redemption Date,
the Equity Conditions have not been satisfied (or waived in writing by the
Holder).

(v) "**Equity Value Redemption Premium** means (i) for Change of Control
events consummated prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of the Issuance Date,
115% and (ii) for Change of Control events consummated following the third
(3rd) anniversary of the Issuance Date, 107.5%; provided, however, that, in
connection with any Change of Control in which the Change of Control
Consideration (A) consists solely of cash, marketable securities or a
combination thereof and (B) equals or exceeds 150% of the Conversion Price,
then the Equity Value Redemption Premium shall equal 100%.

(w) "**Excluded Securities** means any Common Stock issued or issuable: (i)
in connection with any Approved Stock Plan; (ii) upon conversion, adjustment
or redemption of the Notes, or the exercise of the Warrants; (iii) pursuant to
a bona fide firm commitment underwritten public offering with a nationally
recognized underwriter which generates gross proceeds to the Company in excess
of $35,000,000 (other than an at the market offering as defined in Rule
415(a)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and equity lines);
(iv) in connection with any strategic acquisition or strategic transaction,
whether through an acquisition of shares or a merger of any business, assets
or technologies, the primary purpose of which is not to raise equity capital
in an amount not to exceed, in the aggregate twenty percent (20%) of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock in any twelve (12) month period; (v) upon
conversion, exercise or exchange of any Options or Convertible Securities
which are outstanding on the day immediately preceding the Subscription Date,
provided that the conversion price, exercise price or any other economic terms
of such Options or Convertible Securities are not amended, modified or changed
on or after the Subscription Date; and (vi) in connection with any stock
split, stock dividend, recapitalization or similar transaction by the Company
for which adjustment is made pursuant to Section 7(b).

(x) "**Fundamental Transaction** means that the Company shall, directly or
indirectly, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with
or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another
Person, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or
substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company to another
Person, or (iii) allow another Person or Persons to make a purchase, tender or
exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than the 50% of the
outstanding shares of Voting Stock (not including any shares of Voting Stock
held by the Person or Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated
with the Person or Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender or
exchange offer), or (iv) consummate a stock purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person
whereby such other Person acquires more than the 50% of either the outstanding
shares of Voting Stock (not including any shares of Voting Stock held by the
other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated
with the other Persons making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or
other business combination), (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its
Common Stock or (vi) any person or group (as these terms are used for
purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or shall become
the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act),
directly or indirectly, of 50% of the aggregate Voting Stock of the Company.

(y) "**GAAP** means United States generally accepted accounting principles,
consistently applied.

(z) "**Holder Pro Rata Amount** means a fraction (i) the numerator of which
is the Original Principal Amount of this Note and (ii) the denominator of
which is the aggregate original principal amount of all Notes issued to the
initial purchasers pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement on the
Closing Date.

(aa) "**Indebtedness** of any Person means, without duplication (i) all
indebtedness for borrowed money, (ii) all obligations issued, undertaken or
assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services, including
(without limitation) capital leases in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles (other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary
course of business), (iii) all reimbursement or payment obligations with
respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (iv)
all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments,
including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition
of property, assets or businesses, (v) all indebtedness created or arising
under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as
financing, in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with
the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies of the
seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to
repossession or sale of such property), (vi) all monetary obligations under
any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with generally
accepted accounting principles, consistently applied for the periods covered
thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (vii) all indebtedness referred to
in clauses (i) through (vi) above secured by (or for which the holder of such
Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by)
any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance
upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights)
owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property
has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and
(viii) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of
others of the kinds referred to in clauses (i) through (vii) above.

(bb) "**Interest Rate** means, initially seven and one-half percent (7.5%)
per annum, subject to adjustment at the beginning of each Calendar Quarter
(only with respect to such Calendar Quarter and not the immediately preceding
or subsequent Calendar Quarter and only with respect to any Principal
outstanding at the time the Company publicly announces the applicable
Consolidated EBITDA or LTM Consolidated EBITDA, as applicable) in the event
that the EBITDA Test is satisfied as of the applicable Calendar Quarter, then
the Interest Rate shall equal five percent (5.0%) per annum for such Calendar
Quarter.

(cc) "**LTM Consolidated EBITDA** means, with respect to any Person, the
Consolidated Net Income of such Person and its Subsidiaries as set forth in
the financial statements of the Company contained in the Form 10-Q or Form
10-K for the most recent four (4) Calendar Quarters for which financials are
publicly available, _plus_ (i) without duplication, the sum of the following
amounts of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period and to the extent
deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such
period: (i) Consolidated Net Interest Expense, (ii) income tax expense, (iii)
depreciation expense, (iv) amortization expense and (v) any non-cash impact of
hedge or derivative accounting adjustments.

(dd) "**Make-Whole Amount** means, as to any Conversion Amount being
converted pursuant to Section 3(c)(ii) or redeemed pursuant to Section 9, an
amount equal to the sum of (i) any accrued and unpaid Interest on such
Conversion Amount and (ii) any remaining Interest that, but for the applicable
conversion or redemption would have been due on such Conversion Amount through
the third (3rd) anniversary of the Issuance Date. For purposes of this
definition, Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year. By way
of illustration, assuming the initial Interest Rate is in effect and assuming
conversion or redemption occurs on the initial Issuance Date on a Principal
amount equal to $1,000, the Make-Whole Amount shall equal $225.00 ($1,000 x
(1080/360 x 7.5%)).

(ee) "**Mecar Facility** means the Credit Agreement, by and between Wafabank,
Deutsche Bank, Commerzbank AG, CBC Banque and Fortis Banque and Mecar S.A. in
the form attached as Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the
Company for the period ending June 30, 2002 and filed with the SEC on August
14, 2002.

(ff) "**Options** means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or
purchase Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(gg) "**Parent Entity** of a Person means an entity that, directly or
indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or
equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if
there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent
Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of
consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(hh) "**Permitted Indebtedness** means (A) Permitted Senior Indebtedness, (B)
Indebtedness evidenced by this Note and the Other Notes, (C) other unsecured
Indebtedness incurred by the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries that is
made expressly subordinate in right of payment to the Indebtedness evidenced
by this Note, as reflected in a written agreement acceptable to the Holder and
approved by the Holder in writing, and which Indebtedness does not provide at
any time for (1) the payment, prepayment, repayment, repurchase or defeasance,
directly or indirectly, of any principal or premium, if any, thereon until
ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date or later and (2) total interest
and fees at a rate in excess of the Interest Rate hereunder, (D) Indebtedness
secured by Permitted Liens, (E) Indebtedness to trade creditors incurred in
the ordinary course of business, (F) extensions, refinancings and renewals of
any items of Permitted Indebtedness, provided that the principal amount is not
increased or the terms modified to impose more burdensome terms upon the
Company or its Subsidiary, as the case may be, (G) a Promissory Note, dated as
of November 1, 2005, issued to Sam Nasiri in the aggregate principal amount of
$11,011,083.00, (H) certain earn out payments based on the performance of
Global Microwave Systems, Inc., payable to Sam Nasiri and not to exceed
$4,000,000.00 in the aggregate and (I) a working capital adjustment not to
exceed $550,000.00 in the aggregate.

(ii) "**Permitted Liens** means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or
delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for
which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii)
any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course of business by operation of
law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any
Lien created by operation of law, such as materialmens liens, mechanics
liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business with
respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (iv) Liens securing the
Companys obligations under the Notes, (v) Liens (A) upon or in any equipment
(as defined in the Security Agreement) acquired or held by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or
indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or
lease of such equipment, or (B) existing on such equipment at the time of its
acquisition, provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so
acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment, (vi)
Liens incurred in connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the
indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described in clauses (i) and (v)
above, provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be
limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal
amount of the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does not
increase, (vii) Liens securing the obligations under Permitted Senior
Indebtedness; (viii) leases or subleases and licenses and sublicenses granted
to others in the ordinary course of the Companys business, not interfering in
any material respect with the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole, (ix) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities
arising as a matter of law to secure payments of custom duties in connection
with the importation of goods and (x) Liens arising from judgments, decrees or
attachments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under
Section 4(a)(ix).

(jj) "**Permitted Senior Indebtedness** means (i) the Mecar Facility, and
(ii) the principal of (and premium, if any), interest on, and all fees and
other amounts (including, without limitation, any reasonable out-of-pocket
costs, enforcement expenses (including reasonable out-of-pocket legal fees and
disbursements), collateral protection expenses and other reimbursement or
indemnity obligations relating thereto) payable by Company and/or its
Subsidiaries under or in connection with any credit facility to be entered
into by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries with one or more financial
institutions (together with any amendments, restatements, renewals,
refundings, refinancings or other extensions thereof); _provided_, _however_,
that the aggregate outstanding amount of such Indebtedness permitted pursuant
to clause (ii) hereof (taking into account the maximum amounts which may be
advanced under the loan documents evidencing such Permitted Senior
Indebtedness) does not as of the date on which any such Permitted Senior
Indebtedness is incurred, or as of the end of any Calendar Quarter (the
**Quarterly Test**), exceed (x) in the event the EBITDA Target has not been
met, (A) $5,000,000 prior to the Effective Date if the Company has publicly
announced receipt of one or more purchase orders for an aggregate amount in
excess of $40,000,000 for goods to be shipped or services to be provided
within twelve (12) months from the date of such order or orders (B)
$10,000,000 following the Effective Date (y) otherwise, 2.5x LTM Consolidated
EBITDA.

(kk) "**Person** means an individual, a limited liability company, a
partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated
organization, any other entity and a government or any department or agency
thereof.

(ll) "**Principal Market** means the American Stock Exchange.

(mm) "**Redemption Notices** means, collectively, the Event of Default
Redemption Notices, Change of Control Redemption Notices, the Holder Optional
Redemption Notice and the Optional Redemption Notices and, each of the
foregoing, individually, a Redemption Notice.

(nn) "**Redemption Premium** means (i) in the case of the Events of Default
described in Section 4(a)(i)  (vi) and (ix)  (xii), 125% or (ii) in the case
of the Events of Default described in Section 4(a)(vii)  (viii), 100%.

(oo) "**Redemption Prices** means, collectively, the Event of Default
Redemption Price, Change of Control Redemption Price, the Holder Optional
Redemption Price and the Optional Redemption Price and, each of the foregoing,
individually, a Redemption Price.

(pp) "**Registration Rights Agreement** means that certain registration
rights agreement dated as of the Subscription Date by and among the Company
and the initial holders of the Notes relating to, among other things, the
registration of the resale of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Notes and exercise of the Warrants.

(qq) "**Required Holders** means the holders of Notes representing at least a
majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding.

(rr) "**SEC** means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(ss) "**Securities Purchase Agreement** means that certain securities
purchase agreement dated as of the Subscription Date by and among the Company
and the initial holders of the Notes pursuant to which the Company issued the
Notes.

(tt) "**Subscription Date** means March 9, 2006.

(uu) "**Successor Entity** means the Person, which may be the Company, formed
by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person with
which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been made, provided that if such
Person is not a publicly traded entity whose common stock or equivalent equity
security is quoted or listed for trading on an Eligible Market, Successor
Entity shall mean such Persons Parent Entity.

(vv) "**Trading Day** means any day on which the Common Stock are traded on
the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading
market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or
securities market on which the Common Stock are then traded; provided that
Trading Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock are
scheduled to trade on any such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or
any day that the Common Stock are suspended from trading during the final hour
of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not
designate in advance the closing time of trading on any such exchange or
market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York Time).

(ww) "**Voting Stock** of a Person means capital stock of such Person of the
class or classes pursuant to which the holders thereof have the general voting
power to elect, or the general power to appoint, at least a majority of the
board of directors, managers or trustees of such Person (irrespective of
whether or not at the time capital stock of any other class or classes shall
have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any
contingency).

(xx) "**Warrants** has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities
Purchase Agreement, and shall include all warrants issued in exchange therefor
or replacement thereof.

(yy) "**Weighted Average Price** means, for any security as of any date, the
dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market
during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York Time (or such other time
as the Principal Market publicly announces is the official open of trading),
and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York Time (or such other time as the Principal
Market publicly announces is the official close of trading) as reported by
Bloomberg through its Volume at Price functions, or, if the foregoing does
not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the
over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security
during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York Time (or such other time
as such market publicly announces is the official open of trading), and ending
at 4:00:00 p.m., New York Time (or such other time as such market publicly
announces is the official close of trading) as reported by Bloomberg, or, if
no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by
Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the
lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as
reported in the pink sheets by Pink Sheets LLC (formerly the National
Quotation Bureau, Inc.). If the Weighted Average Price cannot be calculated
for such security on such particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the
Weighted Average Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market
value as mutually determined by the Company and the Required Holders. If the
Company and the Required Holders are unable to agree upon the fair market
value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved pursuant to
Section 24\. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any
stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction
during the applicable calculation period.

(31) _DISCLOSURE_. Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in
accordance with the terms of this Note, unless the Company has in good faith
determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute
material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries,
the Company shall within two (2) Business Days after any such receipt or
delivery publicly disclose such material, nonpublic information on a Current
Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a
notice contains material, nonpublic information, relating to the Company or
its Subsidiaries, the Company shall indicate to the Holder contemporaneously
with delivery of such notice, and in the absence of any such indication, the
Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters relating to such notice do
not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its
Subsidiaries.

[Signature Page Follows]

1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed as of
the Issuance Date set out above.





THE ALLIED DEFENSE GROUP, INC.







By:

Name:

Title:

2

**EXHIBIT I**

**THE ALLIED DEFENSE GROUP, INC.**

**CONVERSION NOTICE**

Reference is made to the Senior Subordinated Convertible Note (the **Note**)
issued to the undersigned by The Allied Defense Group, Inc. (the
**Company**). In accordance with and pursuant to the Note, the undersigned
hereby elects to convert the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Note) of the
Note indicated below into shares of Common Stock par value $0.10 per share
(the **Common Stock**), as of the date specified below.





Date of Conversion:



Aggregate Conversion Amount to be converted:



Please confirm the following information:



Conversion Price:



Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued:



Please issue the Common Stock into which the Note is being converted in the  
following name and to the following address:



Issue to:



Facsimile Number:



Authorization:



By:



Title:



Dated:



Account Number:



  (if electronic book entry transfer)



Transaction Code Number:



  (if electronic book entry transfer)

**ACKNOWLEDGMENT**

The Company hereby acknowledges this Conversion Notice and hereby directs
Mellon Investor Services, LLC to issue the above indicated number of shares of
Common Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated March 9,
2006 from the Company and acknowledged and agreed to by Mellon Investor
Services, LLC.





THE ALLIED DEFENSE GROUP, INC.







By:







Name:







Title:



3

